README.md, before:

## Why this website?

## Tech Stack

Currently built in React, Typescript, Chakra-UI.

Will plan to potentially use Node.js, Apollo GraphQL, redux, etc.

## Things to do:

- [x] setup eslint and prettier
- [x] implement super basic error handling for avatar pages when you can't retrieve data
- [x] refactor the home page with a new hero and additional info (maybe refactored again in the future)
- [x] update not found page
- [x] refactor avatars route and components (build out ui-core)
- [x] refactor error handling, reorganize components to be apart of the ui-core
- [x] setup character client-side routes and edit characterPage styling
- [x] fix characterCard image sizing (still could be improved)
- [x] add express backend to serve up react app
- [ ] look into migrating from CRA to NX
- [ ] fix renderPositionOrProfession() function. Split out various jobs instead of having all on one string
- [ ] implement pagination on charactersPage
- [ ] implement redux rtkQuery
- [ ] setup nations client-side routes
- [ ] move commented out search bar to the navbar
- [ ] implement unit tests
- [ ] implement cd/ci using github actions and Heroku
- [ ] implement storybook
- [ ] dashboard of statistics for various stats (ie. # of characters, broken down by nation, etc.)
- visual of the ATLA worldmap
- [ ] add backend Node.js server and refactor to be monolith or microservice (if microservice, dockerize containers for frontend and backend)
- [ ] push & deploy dockerized containers to Heroku using github actions

~~- [ ] Implement search bar functionality on home page~~

Commit message:

got docker compose up and running for client/server

README.md, after:

## Why this website?

## Tech Stack

Currently built in React, Typescript, Chakra-UI.

Will plan to potentially use Node.js, Apollo GraphQL, redux, etc.

## Things to do:

- [x] setup eslint and prettier
- [x] implement super basic error handling for avatar pages when you can't retrieve data
- [x] refactor the home page with a new hero and additional info (maybe refactored again in the future)
- [x] update not found page
- [x] refactor avatars route and components (build out ui-core)
- [x] refactor error handling, reorganize components to be apart of the ui-core
- [x] setup character client-side routes and edit characterPage styling
- [x] fix characterCard image sizing (still could be improved)
- [x] add backend Node.js server and refactored to create separate containers for frontend and backend using Docker
- [ ] add nginx later to be a proxy server for containers
- [ ] Fix bug avatar infinite rendering
- [ ] fix renderPositionOrProfession() function. Split out various jobs instead of having all on one string
- [ ] implement pagination on charactersPage
- [ ] implement redux rtkQuery
- [ ] setup nations client-side routes
- [ ] move commented out search bar to the navbar
- [ ] implement unit tests
- [ ] implement cd/ci using github actions and Heroku
- [ ] implement storybook
- [ ] Implement NX Monorepo and Docker (if not this project for future project)
- [ ] dashboard of statistics for various stats (ie. # of characters, broken down by nation, etc.)
- visual of the ATLA worldmap
- [ ]
- [ ] push & deploy dockerized containers to Heroku using github actions

~~- [ ] Implement search bar functionality on home page~~
